Describe E4024 (#523)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/30 Data Layer/zz Errors and Warnings/E4024.md

---
---
##### shortDescription
Occurs in the [ODataStore](/api-reference/30%20Data%20Layer/ODataStore '/Documentation/ApiReference/Data_Layer/ODataStore/') when a string function (*"startswith"*, *"endswith"*, *"contains"*, *"notcontains"*) is used to search or filter a non-string data field.

---

> To avoid this error, disable searching and filtering for non-string data fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To avoid this error, disable the search and filter functions for non-string data fields.
```
